{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The music produced by TNERTLE is a straight-up reflection of the name itself\'97one-of-a-kind with no hints of what to expect, yet it strikes a chord with your innermost curiosities.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf0 TNERTLE is the concoction of Trent Campbell, a Denver native and Berklee College of Music graduate. Trent took to music at an early age beginning on bass guitar. Like most musicians, he went through the metamorphosis of high school jazz bands to prestigious collegiate ensembles to post-grad rock bands. The experience laid the pavement for a vibrant musical palate, but Campbell yearned to put his Contemporary Writing & Production degree to the utmost test. He sought out to create music that appealed to music lovers from all walks of life while naturally hopscotching around different styles ranging from funk to hip-hop to EDM and beyond. Coming up during the advent of electronic music, Campbell knew the style matched his skill set, but wanted to ensure the live performance element was fully intact.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Thusly, TNERTLE was born. In addition to bass, Campbell began learning the ins and outs of midi controllers to give performances a humanistic approach. Rather than play it safe and trigger different sections of the music by simply pushing buttons, Campbell performs melodies using Machine Controller cradled in snare drum stand and tilted toward the audience. This allows him to captivate audiences by giving them a visual display of his instrumental mastery and improvisation skills.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf0 TNERTLE solo shows are the perfect compliment to Campbell\'92s original \'93full band\'94 configuration of the group. Calling upon an up-to-9-member musical squad that includes live drums, horns, guitars and MCs, TNERTLE has a reputation for giving audiences the ultimate audio and visual smorgaspboard. However, TNERTLE solo shows are evolving into a whole different creature as Campbell performs never-before-heard remixes, introduces brand new original material, incorporates live improvisation, and reworks songs played by the full band.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Regardless of ensemble, Campbell\'92s primary objective has always been to get people dancing to melodic representations that bob and weave through all of life\'92s intricacies and emotions. Whether it\'92s utilizing big beats, composing smooth melodies, and working within flowing chord structures, TNERTLE will connect with listeners who want to let loose and have no preconceived notions of how life is suppose to be or where it\'92s going to take you. Go with the flow and you can ensure that you\'92ll have the time of your life.}